bading fights McBaine the goggles they
do nothing so that's where you come the
first say Jimmy gel occurs radioactive
man I said Jimmy gel occurs so many
times I've lost all meaning so yeah this
is like there's two kinds of enemies in
this game there's like the mega guys
like this and also that that boss that I
couldn't kill earlier in the game and I
had just let him kill me as much as
possible
yeah and then you fight a bunch more
guys like him later on and they're the
same pattern like they'll get kind of
far away you hit him in the face with a
Batarang
time slows down and they start to sprint
at you and then they like then they run
into a wall get kind of stunned then you
can punch him around a bit pull their
houses yeah tug on their hoes like
resistance one style yeah yeah that's
such a cool little weird nuanced nuance
in that game that I don't think that was
in resistance to really they took it out
yeah so weird so after you get through
the first like third of the boss battle
Joker sends a bunch of henchmen down to
help him out if I was a supervillain and
I knew that someone was like trying to
stop me some sort of superhero yeah I'll
throw everything I had
because he has all these henchmen you
know spread throughout the entire island
just teasing me
yeah well that was hairy game but I'm
saying if I well I'm not talking about a
game I'm saying if I were a supervillain
yeah I would take care of business right
away I was held James Bond cell by
anyone I wouldn't tell bond my plan I
would like dr. evil yeah Scott yeah I've
got a gun I can just go in there and
shoot him exactly bang bang it's done
you just don't get it do you Scott
exactly yeah see Scott's got the right
idea
Joker needs to watch Austin Powers
movies Oh Carrie Fisher was in the
Austin Powers movies yes and the Joker
is voiced by Mark Hamill and they sure
they hang out all the time Bobby's made
out with Mark Hamill yeah in the dude
fire strikes back they're brothers or
they knew their brother their brother
also maybe it's like really awkward
women hanging out together they're like
yeah we're brother and sister but we
made out that one time
see you next Thanksgiving yeah Carrie
Fisher's had some good cameos though
like Dawson powers huh yeah I really
haven't seen Mark Hamill and anything
except Media Simpsons episode if use the
forks
yeah so just keep doing the same thing
over and over again he can regenerate
health the other Titan bosses like this
guy that you fight later on in the game
don't regenerate health but they're so
easy to kill even when they do
regenerate a little bit of help just
don't worry about it focus on the
henchmen first and then so you can just
fight him one-on-one all right now
ladies should I stop no yeah yeah then
they he throws junk at you every once in
a while hmm
there's an achievement or trophy for
killing these guys without using the
batarangs and to do that you have to use
you can use the to taste you can use
toothpaste they have a dental problem
they don't have a dental plan like
Austin Powers
Batman you okay I'm fine Jim where's
Quinn
gone must have gotten loose while Payne
was throwing you around we need to get
you off the island I'm not a rookie I
can handle myself
I will fight you back back then the blue
heart no veins
this time I break you
Jim get back to the mainland it's too
dangerous here I don't like leaving you
here
radio claims he's planted bombs all over
Gotham Gotham will panic you're needed
there we're ready to go down there
Bane call dr. Jung bruja what does it
mean it's Spanish for witch